-- Act 1: Enter Sam
P: Player
S: Art duck, sam

Act goals:
- Establish Sam as a character
	- Artist, overwhelmed by commissions
	- Can't afford to slow down, because rent is a thing
	- Procrastinating, because of creative burnout. Can create, but not satisfied with work?
- Establish basic coffee mechanics (brewing, pouring)

----
* Order dialog
P: Hey, welcome. What can I get you?
S: ...
S: Black coffee would be nice, thanks. 
P: Sure, coming right up.
S: Thanks.
P: (Looks like I'll need to brew a fresh pot...)
TUTORIAL: [There's brewing instructions on the wall to the right.]
TUTORIAL: [When you've finished brewing the coffee, place it in front of the customer, and talk to them again]

* Sam starts sketching
S: ...
P: ...
P: I like what you're drawing. Is this what you do for a living?
S: I wouldn't exactly call it a living, but it pays the bills.
S: Sometimes, anyways
S: And uh, some of the times, anyways
P: Always a struggle, eh?
S: You know it.
S: ...
S: It's uh... 
S: A bit quiet today isn't it? Is it normal for this place to be empty?
P: This late into the night, yeah
P: Not many people come for coffee in the evening
P: That said, I think it's the perfect time for a nice dark roast
S: Oh? Why's that?
P: Less caffine than lighter roasts, so it won't keep you up late.
P: As for the taste, it's richer. Bolder
P: Fitting for a stormy night like tonight, don't you think?
S: I guess, yeah
S: Is that what you're serving me now?
P: Yep. It's all we brew this late, actually. 
S: Cool, I'm looking forward to it

* Looping dialog
S: ...
P: (He's busy drawing)
P: (I should make his coffee, shouldn't keep him waiting)
P: (Let's see... There was a clipboard with brewing instructions by the coffee machine)
P: (... And when it's done, I should place the coffee infront of the customer, and talk to them.)


* Eval dialog
S: So this is the dark roast you were talking about?
P: Yep. Give it a try
S: ...

* Fail dialog
S: I was uh, kinda expecting more from this
P: Something wrong?
S: I think so. Can you remake it maybe?
[Failure explanation here]

* Success dialog
P: Well?
S: It's bitter
P: I can add sugar or cream, if you'd like
S: Ah, nonono, don't bother
S: This is how I want it today
P: Sure, if you say so.
S: *sip*
P: So, what are you drawing?
S: Oh this? It's a commission I'm working on
S: One of my mutuals wants me to draw them a portrait of their waifu-
P: Their waifu?
S: Oh, it's an anime thing
S: It's like... best girl of the show
P: Weeb shit?
S: Pretty much, yeah
P: Neat
S: *sip*
P: And so this character is...
P: A maid?
S: Yep~ That's Reme?
P: Who's Reme?
S: She's the big waifu from this popular anime, Reme: Zero
P: She's a cutie
S: Dude I know right?
P: Isn't it a bit hard to work in that outfit though?
P: I mean, it's pretty revealing
P: Is that even safe for work?
S: It's anime dude
S: It's more about the fanservice than anything else
S: Besides, Reme's more than just a smut machine
P: And the fact that her thighs are thick as a bowl of oatmeal is just a coincidence?
S: Exactly!
S: I'm glad you understand~


* Pre-order dialog
P: You sure you don't want any sugar?
S: Are you hitting on me? ;)
P: No I mean like, in your coffee
P: Doesn't seem like you're into it
S: It's fine
S: I think I need a kick in the ass right now anyways
P: A bitter coffee for a bitter night
P: Very methaphorical
S: *sip*
S: I could go for a refill though, thanks
S: More of the same would be nice, thanks
P: Sure, coming right up

* Post-order dialog
P: So, you're drinking bitter coffee as a form of retribution then? 
P: What's on your mind?
S: ...
S: It's just art stuff
S: I'm trying to make this whole art thing my career
S: But i'm having the fuckin' worst time trying to actually draw
S: And I really need these commissions to pay rent
S: It's already pretty tight covering my basic cost of living when I'm at normal productivity levels
P: I see
S: The worst part is that I used to love doing art 
S: When I was a kid, I'd draw for hours at a time, just for fun
S: We used to have rotate the fridge drawings every week, just because I was drawing so much
S: But now I can barely focus on anything I'm drawing
S: I just... sit there. Every time I try to get started, it's like there's a weight pulling me away from my tablet
S: Makes me feel like I'm not really cut out for this whole art thing, ya know?
S: I mean, how can I call myself an artist, if I'm not producing art?
S: ...

* Looping dialog
P: (I should get his coffee for him. Same as before, black coffee)

* Evaluate
S: Oh, thanks
P: Give it a try

* Fail
S: This isn't what I ordered, man
S: Can you re-mmake it?

* Success
P: Just how you ordered, black as a midnight on a motionless night
S: *sip*
S: Thanks, appreciate it
P: It sounds to me like you're suffering from creative burnout
P: Have you considered taking a break once in a while?
S: How can I? Like I said, I need this money to pay rent
S: And if I don't make art, I can't pay rent
P: This is true
S: Besides, I've been taking too many breaks already.
S: I uh, accidentally binged all of the old episodes of Reme: Zero to get ready for the new season
P: Was that a real break though?
P: It sounds like you've been stressing about this a lot, you know
S: A real break? 
P: Mhm
P: Think of it this way:
P: You've been stress-binging anime to avoid doing work
P: But that was a stressfull, break, wasn't it? You didn't come out of the break any more ready to work than before.
S: This is true
P: So, what I suggest is to take a break. A real break.
P: No worrying about commissions. No obligations. Just set aside an hour or a half, to just watch anime or something
P: Even better, go take a walk or something. Get some fresh air in your lungs.
S: ...
S: I don't know, it feels hard to justify
S: But I'll give it a shot, sure.
P: Good.
P: Think of it this way -
P: Resting is an investiment in future productivity. Therefore, you resting is productive.
P: Anyways, I want to hear about it next time you come in, alright?
S: ...
S: Sure, I can do that.
S: Thanks man.
S: I'm Sam, by the way
P: It's a pleasure, Sam. I'm [player name]
S: Neat
S: I'd best be going. I'll see you around, yeah?
P: Of course, I'll look forward to it



-- How's the coffee?
-- Didn't get much drawing done, eh?
-- Been doing commissions to cover rent, but I've been really unmotivated. 
	-- Imposter syndrome is hella real too
-- How long have you been working on this commission? Usually takes you how long?
-- Consider taking a real break, you're clearly not getting rest from your stress breaks. Even now, you're trying to work through a break


P: Maybe you should start drawing adult furry stuff. I hear furries really pay out
