-- Goals
- Establish character
	- Workaholic
	- Familiar with coffee machine, since she stays late at the office a lot
	- Has used the coffee machine to cook in the past, during harder times
	- Hint at frustration at the ultra wealthy
- Establish advanced coffee mechanics (sugar, cream)

* Order dialog
W: (grumbles)
P: You look tired. What can I get you?
W: A nap would be nice. You think I can take a nap behind the counter?
P: It probably wouldn't be sanitary
W: You sure? I've got a sleeping bag back at the office, I could bring it by
W: Maybe roast some marshmallows over the coffee burner, have us some smores~
W: Maybe build a fort out of some blankies, and tell each-other about our crushes???
P: That's tempting, but I'll have to pass tonight
P: Maybe take me out to dinner first~
W: Haha sure sure, I'll hold you to it then
W: I guess for now, I'll start with a coffee
P: Sure thing. How do you take it?
W: Let's see... I'll take my coffee with cream, and 7 sugars tonight
P: Cream and 7 sugars? S-sure, coming right up
W: ?

* Post-order
P: So, do you think the whole marshmallow thing would actually work?
W: What, roasting smores over the coffee burner?
W: Yeah! Those get pretty hot, right?
P: I mean, yeah. But it's probably not hot enough to cook a marhshmallow without contact
W: But~ If you had some tin foil, you've essentially got a frying pan
W: And that toasts them up pretty nicely~
P: Sounds like you're speaking from experience
W: That's university life, my guy
P: Fair enough
W: It's not just good for marshmallows ya know.
W: You can also cook canned soups, and ramen with a coffee maker.
W: And even pancakes~
W: Honestly, who even needs a frying pan these days?
P: I mean, you're welcome to get rid of yours, but I wouldn't wanna give up having multiple burners
W: So? Just get 4 coffee pots. Bam, you've got a full range stovetop
P: ...
P: 4 coffee pots at the same time DOES sound nice...

* Loop
S: How's that coffee coming along? Getting sleepy over here my guy
P: It's on the way, shouldn't be much longer.

* Eval
S: Ah, thanks
S: ...

* Fail
P: Something wrong?
S: This tastes like shit, bud
P: Ah, my bad. Let me re-make it for you

* Success
W: Mmm, just what I needed
W: This is, excuse me, a damn fine cup of coffee
P: You sure about that? It's mostly cream and sugar.
P: I mean, you do you, but this coffee is some serious gourmet shit. 
W: This is how I like my coffee, my guy. I've always had my coffee like this
P: When did you start drinking your coffee like this?
W: Earlier this year.
W: The coffee at work is hot garbage, it's the only way to really drink the stuff
W: The boss orders whatever dirt passes as coffee, just to save a few cents.
W: Pretty sure he mixes actual sawdust in with their coffee grinds to dilute it...
P: Greasy. You do what you can in a pinch, huh?
W: Yep. Work's been getting real busy lately, so it's not like I can slip out for better coffee
W: But that's life, ya know?
W: Besides, I'm used to it now. I drink a bunch of the stuff these days
P: What kind of work are you doing that asks so much of you?
W: Oh, it's nothing interesting. I work a desk job with an insurance company.
W: I'm not loving it or anything, they were just the only company that would hire me out of university
W: Fuck the job market, right?
P: I see. So what's the plan then?
W: The plan?
W: Fuck if I know.
W: All I know is that once I got into high school, everyone expected for me to have one.
W: They all expected me to know what I wanted to be when I grew up
W: All I wanted to be when I grew up, was to be happy, ya know?
W: But these days, society cares more about what you do from 9-5, rather than who you are.
W: I mean, when was the last time you met a stranger and they didn't ask what you did for a living?
W: ...
W: And then suddenly, it's time to graduate. Time to decide what I wanna do for the rest of my life
W: As if anyone could reasonably make that decision at 18
W: To make matters worse, my grades were good enough to qualify for a scholarship. 
W: It wasn't much. I'm still paying off tuition years later
P: Oh? How would that be a bad thing?
W: Well it was only valid if I enrolled for university for the upcoming Fall semester.
W: And so I didn't a chance to figure out what kinda work I wanted to do. 
W: Had to enroll right away, or else I'd lose the scholarship money. Money was tight back then too.
W: Ended up following in my dad's footsteps. It worked out well enough for him, I figured it'd be the same for me
P: I see. It must've been hard to make that decision.
W: Yeah, it was
W: ...


* Order:
W: Mind if I get another coffee?
P: Sure. You're welcome to do what you want, but I'd recommend trying the coffee as is
P: Of course, I won't judge you either way
W: Maybe another time. I just want something familar right now
P: Of course. Lots of cream, and 7 sugars. Coming right up.

* Post-order
P: So, what's stopping you from leaving the company? Find a new place that you actually care about?
W: Student loans, mainly.
P: Ah, that's right
W: Yep. I've been working overtime, trying to chip away at my debt, but there's just so much of it.
W: Tuition fees have been growing wildly over the past decade, out-pacing minimum wage by a long shot
W: Not to mention most of the entry level jobs out there require a bachelor's degree
W: Really pisses me off. How is the average working class supposed to get an education?
P: Seems like the game's been rigged from the start
W: You know it.
W: When I think about it all, I just feel so... defeated.
W: I mean, you work your way through education, and you wage slave until you die
W: There's got to be more out there than that, right?
W: ...

* Loop
W: ...
P: ...
P: (I should get her coffee ready. She looks really burnt out)

* Eval
W: ...

* Fail
W: Can you remake this dude? I said I wanted more of the same
W: I just... I can't drink this right now.
P: Of course, my bad. Just a moment.

* Success
W: Thanks man, I appreciate it.
W: And thanks for listening too. I realize you're a barista, not a therapist.
P: Have you considered seeing one? There's no shame in seeing one, you know
W: Oh trust me, I would if I could.
W: There's not really a stigma against getting therapy these days. It's a financial thing.
W: You'd think that working for the insurance company, they'd actually cover the cost
W: But they only cover up to $300 per year. That barely covers a month of weekly appointments
W: Stingy fucking bastards, the lot of them.
W: Ugh, what should I do? I feel like I'm falling apart here
P: ...
P: Well, what are your coping strategies?
W: My coping strategies?
P: Yeah. I mean, what do you do to relax after work?
W: To be honest, lately I haven't even been coming home from work.
W: Much easier to just sleep under my desk. Gives me time to chip away at my piles of work
P: You do realize that's super unhealthy, right?
P: You need some boundaries between you and work.
W: But there's just so much work to be done. If I don't work overtime, it won't get done
W: Besides, I really could use the money from a bonus, or a promotion
P: The work will still be there in the morning. It doesn't matter at sundown.
P: Back to coping strategies. What are you using as an outlet?
W: An outlet?
P: You know, hobbies. Creative outlets, physical outlets. The works
W: ...
W: To be honest, I can't remember.
W: Everything's always been about grades, making it into university, and finding a job, and working that job
W: I feel like it's all just been a blur of work
P: Sounds like a good time to re-discover yourself
W: I think so, yeah.
P: So, your homework for this week is to find something that makes you happy
P: Oh, maybe I shouldn't call it homework, huh?
W: No, it's fine. This is actually pretty exciting
W: I'll let you know what I come up with next time I come by
P: I'll be looking forward to it.
P: I'm Arthur, by the way.
W: Suzie. Nice to meet'cha
W: I'd better hit the road. Work starts early tomorrow, didn't plan on staying so long
W: But hey, that's what the sawdust coffee's for, right?
W: Anyways, I'll see you around, Arthur
P: Of course. Be safe.

* Pre-order
P: It is getting late, isn't it...
P: Well, time to close up shop I suppose.



- Whaqt kind of work do you do
- Don't love it
	- First thing out of uni that seemed appealing
	- Rushed into a career path right out of high school
	- 
