-- Act 2, scene 1
- Art guy returns
	- Has 2 sugars in his coffee. Trying to break his habit of self-inflicted pain
	- He's taking a break, but things are still rough. Having a hard time taking a break
	- Art guy leaves, but forgets his drawing tablet

* Pre-order
S: Hey Arthur
A: Good to see you again, Sam. What can I get you?
S: Coffee, black... With a little bit of sugar, please
A: Of course, coming right up.

* Post-order
A: So, no bitter black coffee today?
S: Nah, I figured I deserve the break.
S: I've been trying to take more productive breaks, like you were saying the other day
S: Well, more productive as in taking real breaks.
S: So I guess less productive breaks?
A: And? How's it going?
S: Well, I tried to watch the new episode of Reme: Zero. Tried to play Animal Intersection. Tried not to think about my commissions.
S: And then I sat down to draw some more.
S: But it's hard man... I don't know how people do it
S: You'd think it'd be easy. Just sit down and watch some anime, or play some games
S: But whenever I'd get halfway through, or finish up a mission, I'd just feel guilty about wasting time
A: I mean, yeah, you ARE wasting time. But that's the point, right?
S: I know, I know... I just have to get used to it.
A: These things take time. You're doing great, kiddo. 
S: Thanks man, I appreciate it.

S: So I was thinking -
S: Money and commissions aside, is it really ok for me as an artist to slow my production down?
S: I'm just... not clicking for me yet.
S: I mean, we talked about this yesterday, but if I'm not creating art, how can I call myself an artist?
P: Well, you're someone who creates art. Therefore you're an artist
S: I mean, today I'm an artist, sure. And if I take a day off to watch anime, that's probably fine.
S: But what if I get mega burnt out, and take a week off? What about a month?
S: In that case, I'm not a person who creates art. And therefore I'm not an artist.
S: If I don't post art on a regular basis, people will forget about me.
S: Social media's just like that, ya know? It always demands something new from you
S: And if you're not around to create, then it just continues to churn without you

* Loop
S: ...
A: (I should get his coffee ready for him)

* Eval
A: Here you go.
S: ...

* Fail
S: This isn't what I ordered man. 
A: O-oh, that's right. My bad. Let me fix that for you.

* Success
A: How is it?
S: It's not bad. Sweeter than I thought it'd be
A: Want a fresh cup, less sugar?
S: Nah, I don't want to put you through the hassle. The sweetness is change of pace anyways. I think I need this right now.
S: Besides, I have to catch the train home soon anyways.
A: Of course. No worries.
A: You've heard of Leonardo da Vinci, right?
S: Is that the one with the swords?
A: No, you're thinking of someone else
S: Heh, nah I'm just playin' with you. I know of da Vinci. He drew the Mona Lisa.
S: What a painting too. Great hands on that one.
A: Hands?
S: Oh, nothing. What were you going to say about da Vinci?
A: Right, da Vinci. Great artist. Very famous for his art. 
A: In fact, you'd have a hard time meeting anyone who doesn't know of the Mona Lisa
A: But did you know, he never actually completed it?
S: What? 
A: Yep. He picked at it for over 10 years, never satisfied with it. And so, he never published or sold the painting.
A: They only found it in his studio after he passed.
A: And yet, it's his most famous painting - some would even say it's THE most famous painting out there.
S: Fuckin' wild
A: Right?
A: Over the 10 years that da Vinci worked on the Mona Lisa, he was still an artist. Art theory literature would certainly agree.
A: And so, if da Vinci can spend 10 years working on one painting, you'll do just fine taking time off now and then.
A: Be it a week, or a month - your effort and talent will not go away.
S: ...
S: ok
S: I think I'm starting to get it.
S: I think... I need to think about it some more.
S: It all makes sense on paper, but I need to internalize this
A: Of course. These things take time
S: Yeah, they do, don't they?
S: Well, I'm gonna be on my way then
S: Thanks for the coffee, man. I'll see you around

-- Act 2, scene 2
- Work duck shows up shortly after
	- Work is still busy, asked for time off. Rejected
	- Not working overtime, but now she has all this time and she's not sure how to spend it. Trying different hobbies
	- Half-jokes about mid-life crisis
	- Notices the tablet left behind by art duck

S: Heya
A: Hey Suzie, how's it going?
S: It's going.
A: What can I get you? Coffee?
S: Yeah, that'd be nice. Maybe a little less sugar this time? Not too much less though
A: Feeling more adventurous today?
S: Something like that. 
A: Very admirable. It's coming right up.

S: ...
S: Did someone leave this behind?
A: Oh, that's Sam's drawing tablet - you passed him on the way in
S: Should I run it back to him or something? He couldn't have gotten far.
A: No, let it be. I think it's for the best that he left it.
S: Sure? If you say so I guess.
S: So what's the story on this drawing? Do you know about it?
A: Oh, the girl in the picture? That's Reme, from Reme: Zero
A: I guess she's a maid or something, I don't really know. I don't really watch anime.
S: Anime, huh?
S: I love her hair. Wish I could color my hair like that
A: But you don't have hair?
S: Ugh, I know. It's a dress code thing. 
S: My boss is stuck in the last century - the old fart says "presentable ducks shouldn't have showing hair"
S: Although if you ask me, it's just a way to keep us all in line and cooperative.
S: If I ever came into a bunch of money, I'd grow my hair out, and dye it blue.
S: Maybe start a small garden in front of my house.
S: Wouldn't listen to anyone who'd tell me what's "wrong".
A: Oh yeah?
S: Yeah. 
S: You ever think about that sorta thing? What you'd do if you suddenly had a million dollars?
A: Now and then I suppose. I'd probably buy better coffee. Spend more time watching the stars.
S: Sounds like a good time.
S: Thing is, it's always super modest, right? Like what would you ever do with more than, say, 5 million dollars?
A: Not sure. Give it to charity? Buy housing for my family?
S: Exactly, right? At some point, there's just too much to live a reasonable modest life
S: And yet, there's still billionaires out there, hoarding wealth like little gremlins
S: You ever think about how wildly immoral a billion dollars is, in the hands of a single person?
S: To put it into context, a million seconds is roughly 12 days. A billion seconds is 31 YEARS.
S: How can one person spend all of that money? How can they ethically get all of that money?
A: Seems like it can't be done.
S: Yep. The only way for someone to become a billionaire, is through exploiting the working class
S: And yet there's never enough money to go around when it's needed by the average person
S: For a society to allow billionaires to exist... It's just... It's not right.
S: "The only framework capitalism can thrive in, is dystopia."
S: ...
S: Ah, but I didn't mean to go off on a rant there. I just really can't stand how 
A: Don't worry about it. Your passion is admirable.

* Eval
A: Here you go, cream, and less than 7 sugar
S: Ah, thanks, my guy
S: ...

* Fail
S: Mmm... nah, this doesn't taste right. Can you take a look at it?
A: Of course. Let me fix that. Sorry about that.

* Success
S: Mmm... That's actually pretty good
A: Right? Coffee is pretty good when it's got no sawdust in it
S: God totally. Maybe I should start brewing my own at home, instead of drinking the crap at work.
A: Well, if you'd like tips, I'm happy to share
A: Speaking of work, how's that going for you? You know, the hobby search and stuff
S: Things are kinda coming along. I asked my boss for some time off. Told him I was feeling burnt out
A: And?
S: He went off on one of his rants. Guy says that burnout's a "natural part of any job"
S: He says that "Coffee, God and Cigarettes" are all that I need to break this routine, but there's no way I can actually take that advice.
S: He's been drinking the corporate cool-aid for years now, ya know?
A: Right. Sounds like he just wants to squeeze you for all the work he can
S: So in short, I'm not working overtime anymore. Whether he likes it or not.
A: Good! I'm proud of you!
S: Thanks, Arthur.
A: And how's the hobby search going?
S: It's been hard, actually. Now that I'm not working overtime, I have all this time at home, and no idea how to spend it
S: So I'm trying a little bit of everything. This week, I'm learning how to knit~
A: How's that going for you?
S: ...
S: God I hate it so much
S: I mean, nothing against people who like to knit, but this is really not vibin' with me
S: Is this what I'm supposed to be doing? Just spending time doing fucking whatever until I get old and die?
S: What do people even do for fun these days?
A: Not knitting, I take it?
A: Look, it's going to take time to figure these things out. It's not like you can define yourself overnight
A: Just keep at it. Something will stick.
S: You think so? 
A: Of course. There's always more to life than just work, regardless of what the cool-aid man at work says
A: Just... keep your eyes open, and remember to say "yes" to new opportunities
S: Ok... I can do that.
A: Good. You're doing great out there, kiddo.
S: ...
A: Getting dark out there, you gonna be alright getting home tonight?
S: I'll be fine, yeah. Trains are quiet this time of night. Been using the time to reflect on things
S: I should be on my way though, don't want to have to wait around for the next train to come.
S: See you around?
A: Of course, come again soon!
