-- Act 3, Scene 1
- Art duck returns
	- Black coffee, no sugar
		- Taste has come to grow on him
	- Feeling much better today after resting
		- Picks up his tablet, which was left a the cafe on the previous day
		- Forced to take a break yesterday, since he left his tablet, and couldn't catch a train back to fetch it
		- Decided to use the opportunity to really take a break, since he had no other option
	- Still anxious about not getting enough done, but he's feeling more prepared to face that
		- Still having trouble paying rent
		- "These are ongoing problems that cannot be solved overnight, but I'm on the right path to make positive change despite them"

* Pre-order
A: Hey, welcome back. Good to see you
S: Hey, man
S: How are things?
A: They've been good, thanks. Lovely night for a coffee, can I get you something to start?
S: Sure, yeah. Black coffee, as is
A: Of course, coming right up

* Post-order
A: No sugar or cream today?
S: Nah. I think the taste of black coffee is starting to grow on me actually
A: Maybe it was the cognitive shift away from thinking about it as a source of pain?
S: Something like that, I guess.

S: Hey, I've been meaning to ask. What's the story about that bonsai you keep on the counter?
A: Oh that? It was a gift, from another customer.
S: Ahh I see. I see...
S: Hey, you ever see any of those old world war 2 movies?
S: bonSAIIIIII~
A: Can't say I'm familiar
A: Is this some anime thing I'm not getting?
S: Haha, nah, don't worry about it
S: Speaking of anime, thanks for holding on to my drawing tablet for me
S: Didn't mean to leave it behind. Only realized it was missing when I was halfway home
A: Of course, no worries.
S: But, this was a blessing in disguise~
A: Oh?
S: Yep~
S: Since I literally couldn't draw last night, I decided to try again at taking a break
S: I was feeling super guilty about not doing any work, but every time I had those thoughts, I reminded myself that it was out of my hands
S: I mean, the cafe was closed, so it's not like I could go get it or anything
S: It was tough, but I eventually managed to relax and take the night off~
A: Very nice, I'm proud of you!
S: Thanks, Arthur.
S: So, I'm ready to get back to work today. Feeling refreshed, and ready to create~
A: That's great to hear, Sam.

* Loop
P: (I should get his coffee ready)

* Eval
A: Ah, thanks for the coffee
A: ...

* Fail
A: I thought you were going to make me a black coffee, as is?
A: This isn't what I ordered, man
P: Ah, my bad. Let me fix that for you

* Success
P: And so, how's the whole "rent" thing going?
A: Ah, it's uh, still a struggle.
A: Even if I still take breaks and get back to doing commissions at the usual rate, it's still tough out there
P: This is true. 
P: But, one step at a time, right?
P: These are ongoing problems that can't be solved overnight. Despite that, you're on the right path to being better
A: You're right, yeah.


-- Act 3, scene 2
- Work duck enters, exhausted. Art duck is still in scene
	- Light cream, 2 sugars
	- Picked up the anime that Sam recommended on disk, binged it through the night
		- Sam asks if she's seen S2, since it's airing now, she had no idea it was still going on
		- Brief dialog about cosplay
	- Dialog about Sam's art
		- Suzie asks how much he's charging, they agree it's not enough
		- Suzie offers to pick up a print, even though she's low on funds
	- Suzie has resigned to the idea of the rat race
		- "I still have to deal with work, but I'm trying to take steps to work to live, not the other way around"
		- Still in debt, still dealing with garbage. She's coping a bit better now.
		- Thinking about making a career change soon

* Pre-order. Enter Suzie
W: Evening.
P: Hey, good to see you again. You look exhausted, you're not working overtime again, are you?
W: Nah, nothing like that. Late night is all.
W: Think I can get a coffee?
P: You'll have to wait, Sam here's got the mug right now
A: Wait, you mean you only have one mug?
A: What kind of a cafe only has one mug?
P: I mean, this place isn't exactly wildly profitable. When was the last time either of you paid for your drinks?
W: You've uh, got a point there... I just assumed that we weren't paying because the developer didn't want to add a new animation
P: I mean, that's pretty much it. Don't worry about it though, coffee's on me.
W: You hear that? Arthur says it's my turn on the mug~
A: W-what? I mean, if you want a drink, you can take my mug
W: Haha! I'm just playin', my guy. You're clearly still drinking. There's still coffee in your mug!
A: Am not!
A: *sip*
A: See? 

* Post-order
W: Well, I appreciate it. Thanks bb~
W: Arthur, mind if I get a coffee then? Not much cream or sugar
P: Of course. I'm glad to see you're actually enjoying the coffee. It'll be ready shortly
W: Yeah! Much easier to drink this stuff than the shit at work.
W: So you must be Sam, right?. Arthur was telling me about you yesterday
A: You guys were talking about me?
P: Nothing bad, I can assure you.
P: Mostly about your lost drawing tablet, and your art
A: Oh... I can't help but feel a bit self-conscious
W: Oh don't worry about it, dude. I loved it! She's a total cutie
W: That reminds me!
W: The reason I was up late last night, was because of my new hobby~
P: Oh?
W: Yep~ It's anime~ I ended up watching all of Reme: Zero 
A: Oh fuck
A: What did you think of it?
W: Dude it's so good. I can't get over THAT scene with Reme.
A: Ah, yes yes, I know the one you're talking about. I swear, if she doesn't end up with the MC at the end, I'm
gonna flip a tit
W: I know right?
W: I just wish they didn't stop so abruptly. I mean, there were a bunch of loose ends that never got tied up
A: Loose ends? You know they're doing a second season now, right?
W: THERE'S MORE?
W: Holy shit dude
A: I know right? It's been like 5 years since season 1. The second season kept getting pushed back, we thought it'd never happen
A: What's real nice about all of this, is that my timeline's flooded with art and cosplays of qt3.14 Reme: Zero stuff~
W: Cosplay? What's that?
A: Oh, it's when you dress up as one of the characters from an anime or game
W: So like Halloween?
A: More or less, yeah. People get really creative with it. You should check it out, you mentioned you were hobby   hunting, right?
W: I am, yeah... I'll take a look into it, sure~
W: Speaking of art, how much are you selling your Reme prints for? The one you were drawing earlier, I mean
A: Oh that? I charge $15 for a regular sized print
W: What? Only $15? I thought art was supposed to be more expensive than that
A: Well yeah... I'm not exactly an expert or anything
W: What do you mean? Look at that dude, it looks so good. Pure talent in those lines, my dude
W: Tell you what, I'll give you $30 for a print. And start charging more for your art dude, don't sell yourself short
A: You mean it? T-thanks man~
W: Any time, my dude. Capitalism's far from kind to artists. Gotta support your fellow worker, right?
-- TODO: I don't want Sam's problems to be solved, just alieved a little bit

* Loop
A: What'd you think of the scene where... 
W: Oh, you mean when Scubaru got lost in the...
P: (It looks like they're fully engrossed in their conversation about anime. I shouldn't interfere)
P: (Seems like they both need the break)
P: (Now, let's see about getting that coffee ready...)

* Eval
P: Don't mean to interrupt. Here's your coffee, Suzie
W: Oh, thanks!
W: ...

* Fail
W: Something tastes off about this - can you take another look?
P: Ah, of course, my bad. Let me fix this

* Success
W: Ah... Now THIS is a good cup of coffee - I've never tasted a cup of coffee this delicious~
P: Glad you like it, Suzie!
A: Hey, I wasn't watching too closely, but uh...
A: Did you wash that mug before serving the coffee?
P: No.
W: Isn't that unsanitary?
P: It's a long story
P: You see the sink behind me? Totally fake. Doesn't even work.
P: So, I bought self-cleaning mugs
W: Is that even a thing?
P: Let's pretend it does, yes.
P: Truth is, the developer ran out of time, and wasn't able to add a cleaning mechanism that felt good enough
A: It do be like that sometimes
W: Yep.
P: So, how's work been?
W: Honestly, I don't know...
W: It's time that I start working to live, not the other way around, ya know?
W: I'm thinking of a career change, but that's a risky move that I'm not ready to think about. 
W: Especially with my tuition debts hanging over my head... 
W: I'm just... So fed up with the desk jockey life, ya know? I don't think I was ever built for the rat race. 
A: Good call man, you're not missing much.
A: There's nothing wrong with taking time to discover yourself, ya know? 
A: It's not like we're stuck doing one career path till we rot away, ya know?
A: People change career paths all the time, man
W: Really? I wish someone told me about this when I was still in school...
P: They never prepare you for the things that matter, huh?
W: Honestly... 
W: Anyways, it's all still a work in progress. 
W: Like you said, it'll take time to figure these things out
P: You've got the right idea, kiddo.
W: Wouldn't it be nice if capitalism wasn't such a fuck?
A: What do you mean?
W: I mean, consider the following~
W: There's a few hundred people in the United States that are hoarding billions of dollars.
W: Such an obscene amount of money, that you wouldn't even know how to spend it. Hella immoral.
W: Hella immoral for that kind of person to exist, in a society that's so harsh to its average citizen.
W: A society that can't afford to house its homeless, to feed its hungry, to treat its sick.
W: How fucked is the education sector, that I have to go into heavy debt just to join the job market?
W: How fucked is the housing market, that I have to spend half a million dollars to own property near civilization?
W: So those greedy bastards deserve to be taxed. Real fuckin' hard.
W: And we're talking like, a fraction of the top 1%. Not the above average citizen making a spicey salary at their day job
W: What I'd love to see one day, is every citizen being paid a basic income, regardless of your income.
W: Enough to live on. To cover your necessities. That'd be more than enough.
W: It won't solve every problem, but it's a damn good start.
W: I mean, people WANT to be productive. It's just natural for us, as a species.

-- unemployment trap
-- Sam: I'd love to still do art, but not be stressed about it
 W: Consider the welfare system - contrary to what you might think, it incentives you to stay unemployed
 W: When someone on welfare gets a job, they lose their welfare payments.
 W: 

 W: This could totally replace the welfare system. 
 W: And we could fund it by eliminating the overhead welfare program. And of course, by taxing the ultra rich.

W: Think about it. Sam, what would you be doing, if you had enough supplementary income to fund your basic living expenses?
A: Well... If I wasn't drawing to make rent, I suppose I'd be drawing for myself more. 
A: Probably wouldn't be so swamped in commissions, since I'd be able to take my time on them.
A: Oh, and I'd watch more anime. Lots of anime~
W: And that's damn well how it should be. 

W: What about you, Arthur?
P: Let's see... I'd buy 3 more coffee makers! 
P: I could afford to put a working sink in the wall. Maybe buy more than one mug~
A: Sounds like a stellar plan, man
A: You think this all could really happen?
W: Gotta believe it can, my guy. 

-- More banter

P: Well, when it's time to eat the rich, you're welcome to swing by for an after-dinner coffee
W: Ha! I'll hold you to your word on that one~
